USEME: Assignment 7

1. There are 4 menus in our GUI: File, Filter, Programmatic, and Layer
2. Each menu has options within them that act as buttons that the user can click on.
3. The File menu has the following buttons: "Load a file", "Save a file", "Read from a batch",
and "Undo previous action" The user can click on any one of these buttons and expect
the functionality as described by the button's name to work.
4. The Filter menu has the following buttons: "Blur", "Sharpen", "Sepia", "Monochrome", "Mosaic",
and "Down Size". The user can click on any one of these buttons and expect the functionality
as described by the button's name to work.
5. The Programmatic menu has the following buttons: Checkerboard. The user can click on any one of
these buttons and expect the functionality as described by the button's name to work.
6. The Programmatic menu has the following buttons: Create layer. The user can click on any one of
these buttons and expect the functionality as described by the button's name to work.
7. The Layer menu has the following buttons: "Create layer", "Remove layer", "Set current layer",
 "Redo layer", "Make layer invisible", and "Make layer visible". The user can click on any one of
these buttons and expect the functionality as described by the button's name to work.
8. This encompasses everything the GUI can perform. It's a simple, straightforward design that
requires minimal effort to operate. The image being manipulated can be seen in the GUI and all
alterations are made on the spot. If the user decides to create a layered image, he/she has the
ability to #1 see the layers they have created and #2 choose a specific layer to be modified.

USEME: Assignment 6

Supported Commands:
1. "load ..." - Everything after this is considered to be the file path for the image.
2. "blur"
3. "sharpen"
4. "monochrome"
5. "sepia"
6. "checkerboard ..." - Everything after this is considered to be the desired size of the
checkerboard.
7. "create layer ..." - Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
8. "remove layer ..." -  Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
9. "current .." -  Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
10. "redo layer ..." -  Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
11. "save ..." - Everything after this is considered to be where the user wants to save the image,
with what name the image should be saved as, and its file-type (PNG, JPEG, or PPM);
12. "invisible ..." - Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
13. "visible ..." - Everything after this is considered to be the name of the desired layer.
14. "undo" - Gets the latest loaded image.

NOTE: The way "redo layer" works is that it creates another key with a "1" after the name and copies the exact same layer associated with the original name. 

Examples of how the Controller works:

Example #1 - No layers
load Varun/Downloads/OOD-isfun.jpeg
blur
undo
sharpen
undo
checkerboard
save Varun/Downloads/checkerboardImage.png
load Varun/Downloads/snail.ppm
sepia
save Varun/Downloads/snail(sepia).jpeg


Example #2 - Layers
create layer first
create layer second
create layer third
create layer fourth
create layer fifth
current first
load snail.png
blur
current second
load snail.png
monochrome
current third
load snail.jpeg
sharpen
remove layer second
redo layer third
current fourth
load snail.png
sepia
invisible fourth
current fifth
load snail.png
blur
undo
visible fourth
save LOOKHERE\scriptTest1.ppm

Conditions:
1. Must specify the layer name for the commands that require it, or whatever layer's name that was
most recently modified will be changed.
2. To blur, sepia, monochrome, or sharpen an image, the user must first load an image.
3. Can only save the current layer you have enabled. For example, you cannot except to
save first layer when the current layer is set to second.
4. Always have .png, .jpeg, or .ppm when loading and saving images.
5. If the output file is a multi-layered image, then you need to specify an output folder (ex. LOOKHERE\scriptTest1.ppm).
6. Cannot call remove layer after "current" command. 
7. Please read the main.java class for manual input instructions. 





































